# WebProgramming_InClass
Repository to follow along with the in class coding

## About Me
My undergraduate degree is in Computer Engineering. I’ve written many different programs using a wide variety of languages including; Assembly, C, C++, Java, Objective-C, Perl, Python, Javascript, R, Tcl, HTML, XML, SQL, MongoDB, etc. During my first summer as an intern I was involved in a collaborative project to develop an ios app for the company which communicated via Bluetooth to a separate device. The next summer, I was involved with developing the hardware and software for an embedded system which, to summarize, used C code to drive a motor at a specified rate and show statics on an LCD display. Currently I work for IBM developing EDA tools. During this time I’ve done a little bit of everything from writing routing algorithms in C++, developing web applications and other various scripts. The only other graduate course I’ve taken so far was called Data Science with Professor Min Chen. 

I’ve mentioned in my previous paragraph about developing web applications for IBM. I started by solely developing a project which would be used for displaying various analytics. This project would end up being built on using Angularjs for the front end sitting on a node server which is connected to MongoDB. During this time I was learning as I went along picking up everything I could about proper web development. I hope this class will be able to reinforce what I’ve learned and fill any gaps I may have missed along the way. 
